Editor setup polish (#393)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/editor-setup.md

- TypeScript type information for `.astro` files.
- [VS Code Intellisense](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/intellisense) for code completion, hints and more.

To get started, install the [Astro VS Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=astro-build.astro-vscode) today.

> >⚙️ See how to [setup TypeScript](/en/guides/typescript/) in your Astro project.

Author: ```suggestion
>⚙️ See how to [set up TypeScript](/en/guides/typescript/) in your Astro project.
```

Reviewer: Are you trolling my review?! 😆
